feat(docs): phrase generation agent (#270)
ostis-apps/nika: docs/agents/phraseGenerationAgent.md

> Is an agent that generates a sc-link with the reply message text, where variables of an input sc-link substitued with constant appropriate nodes from KB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Is an agent that generates a sc-link with the reply message text, where sc-variables names substitued with constant sc-links contents from knowledge base.
```

> This agent is called by standartMessageAgent to do this work and return the own result to him for answering the user question.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This agent is called by standartMessageAgent to do this work and it returns the own result to him for answering the user question.
```

**Action class:**

`action_phrase_generation`

**Parameters:**

1. `replyMessageNode` that is the result of StandartMessageGenerationAgent;

2. `phraseLink` is a link with a text template.

**Workflow:**

* The agent tryes to get `templateNode`, that connected with `phraseLink` by `nrel_phrase_template` norole relation;

<img src="../images/phraseGenerationAgentStep1.png"></img>

> * Then it seeks for arguments of the template - `parametersNode`, this node is connected with `actionAddr` by  `rrel_3` role relation;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Then it seeks for arguments of the template - `parametersNode`, this node is connected with `actionAddr` by `rrel_3` role relation;
```

> * After this the PhraseGenerationAgent generates sc-link by template using `templateNode`, `parametersNode` and  `phraseLink`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* After this the PhraseGenerationAgent generates sc-link by template using `templateNode`, `parametersNode` and `phraseLink`;
```

* The language of created link depends on language of `phraseLink`. If there is a `lang_ru` node and a constant positive role relation from
`lang_ru` to `phraseLink`, then the agent creates similiar role relation from `lang_ru` to `linkResult`. If the agent can't find the language link, he doesn't create any relation;

> * In the sc-link the agent finds all variables and using the `templateNode` choose necessary nodes from KB. Variables are replaces by identificators of these nodes, that were found;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the sc-link the agent finds all sc-variables and using the `templateNode` choose necessary sc-elements from knowledge base. SC-variables are replaces by identifiers of these sc-elements, that were found;
```
